Creating this dashboard has been a fun, yet challenging project. It required me to pay attention to detail in my coding.
Each time I thought that I had a fully functional dashboard, I would find some kind of error or bug when I would be exploring
it. Some of my issues arose from messy data that I needed to clean. For example, the Astros' regular season
records were not calculating correctly because there were values in the W/L column in astros.csv with W* and L*. The * in these
cases represented walk-off wins and losses. These values were not getting counted as wins and losses originally. I had to clean the data to remove the * from those values in order for the records to be calculated correctly. This issue also arose when I was calculating the Astros' records against different opponents. The wins and losses are now being calculated correctly on my dashboard.

Missing values also posed problems in my dashboard. For example, the Astros do not play teams from the National League each season. This resulted in missing data that would break the dashboard. For example, when the user would select the 2020 season and wanted to see the Astros' record against the NL Central that year, an ugly error would appear. I had to return to my code and account for those kinds of errors. I made it so that if there was no data available for the selected year and division, users would receive a polite message letting them know that instead of seeing an ugly error. 

I ran into an odd error when I finally finished my dashboard and was ready to load it onto Streamlit Cloud. Previously, I was importing my astros.csv file using the entire file path in my source code. When I would test the dashboard by doing streamlit run in my Python terminal, my dashboard would appear correctly. However, I started receiving errors when I would attempt to load it into Streamlit Cloud. I realized that this was because Streamlit Cloud wanted me to import the data like this instead of including the entire file path: astros = 'astros.csv'. This is because I already had astros.csv in the Github repository associated with my dashboard.